hi this is jada for with pop photo com
and inside digital photo i'm here at
photoplus expo 2006 and I've got with me
today Dan steinhardt from epson he's
going to take us through the new epson
SP 3800 dan thanks for joining us oh
thanks a lot and it's a stylus pro 3,800
and you're very unique Gary I know if
your camera can pick this up but this
image which was created by stylus pro
Jeff shewee shows the nine ink channels
as well as the entire printer and kind
of an interesting way to see through it
but the 3800 is this amazing printer
that is 17 inches wide but a lot of
people when they first see it think it's
a 13 inch printer because of the new
compact design you can easily see these
are the pressurized cartridges that are
80 milliliters and has Auto switching
between the matte black and the photo
black ink and then this completely
closes down what's also nice about this
printer is it can go over anywhere from
4 x 6 up to 17 x 22 or 17 inches wide
and also it folds down in a compact
thing like this so many people feel that
it's just like a really cool piece of
graphic design furniture as opposed to
some of our bigger printers which take
up a big part of the room now this uses
a new screening algorithm can you talk
about that a little bit the epson stylus
pro 3800 has incorporated a new
screening algorithm then you know what
does that all mean it's a supercomputer
was used in order to create the math so
very accurately places dots down in a
paper there's basically two different
screening algorithms that could be used
stochastic screening which came out as a
way to hide dots it comes from the
pre-press industry in CMYK world we use
air diffusion which is much more precise
and then with this new screening
algorithm we can very accurately place
dots in a place where you can't see the
dots okay and now what that means to the
photographer is greater tonal
transitions you get a much more
photographic feel these things don't
look like inkjet prints they look like
photographs and that's the ultimate aim
of epson it's not about the technology
it's about what the technology can do to
the creative professional and for the
creative professional so you've got
photo black and matte black talk about
what that allows you to do well the
stylus pro 3800 uses the the
industry-leading
pigment inks we call ultrachrome k3 with
this particular printer and we can now
auto switch between photo black and
matte black so the photographer doesn't
have to worry about doing any actual ink
changes there's no way that you can make
a mistake and you get all the benefits
of getting the maximum dmax on Matt
papers as well as on glossy papers and
our sea papers okay anything else well
besides it being cool it's
extraordinarily fast most people are
amazed at both the image quality you can
get as well as the speed how fast it
depends on the file it depends on the
size we feel we're real strongly that we
shouldn't quote specific needs and times
and we encourage all end users to be a
little leery of some of the things that
may be out there because it's really
relevant to a particular image if you
were to do a side-by-side comparison an
apples-to-apples environment you would
find that this printer in the highest
quality mode is now the fastest printer
around the market compared to the
previous models performs a lot better
compared to all of the printers in the
highest level of class as far as the
highest quality this is the fastest
printer on the market great and this is
going to retail for about twelve
ninety-five is that right MSRP is 1295
and that also includes the ethernet cart
in the past Nathan their card was about
a $300 additional item so you have the
speed you have the image quality you
have the ethernet card at a price that
most of the industry are pretty
astounded by many people coming this
both or no amazed at what this is and
they're amazed that they can well why
you can't quite put it underneath your
arm it certainly don't need a special
liftgate truck in order for delivered to
your home or to your studio so Dan when
is this NAS pro 13 to be available it'll
be available shipping in November
alright great well thanks for taking us
through the the features here thanks a
lot thank you so much for being here and
taking you look at this amazing machine
where it's there's no compromises for
the end user d at a professional or
advanced amateur alright this is jada
for with pop vodacom an inside digital
photo thanks for giving us your time
you